Update Intro to Ethereum developer doc (#3907)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/index.md

A blockchain is a public database that is updated and shared across many computers in a network.

"Block" refers to data and state being stored in consecutive groups known as "blocks". If you send ETH to someone else, the transaction data needs to be added to a block to be successful.

"Chain" refers to the fact that each block cryptographically references its parent. In other words, blocks get chained together. The data in a block cannot change without changing all subsequent blocks, which would require the consensus of the entire network.

Every computer in the network must agree upon each new block and the chain as a whole. These computers are known as "nodes". Nodes ensure everyone interacting with the blockchain has the same data. To accomplish this distributed agreement, blockchains need a consensus mechanism.

> Ethereum currently uses a proof-of-work consensus mechanism. This means that anyone who wants to add new blocks to the chain must solve a difficult puzzle that requires a lot of computing power. Solving the puzzle "proves" that you have done the "work" by using computational resources. Doing this is known as mining. Mining is typically brute force trial and error, but successfully adding a block is rewarded in ETH.

Author: ```suggestion
Ethereum currently uses a [proof-of-work](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/) consensus mechanism. This means that anyone who wants to add new blocks to the chain must solve a difficult puzzle that requires a lot of computing power. Solving the puzzle "proves" that you have done the "work" by using computational resources. Doing this is known as [mining](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/). Mining is typically brute force trial and error, but successfully adding a block is rewarded in ETH.
```

Ethereum currently uses a [proof-of-work](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/) consensus mechanism. This means that anyone who wants to add new blocks to the chain must solve a difficult puzzle that requires a lot of computing power. Solving the puzzle "proves" that you have done the "work" by using computational resources. Doing this is known as [mining](/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/). Mining is typically brute force trial and error, but successfully adding a block is rewarded in ETH.

New blocks are broadcast to the nodes in the network, checked and verified, thus updating the state of the blockchain for everyone.

So to summarise, when you send ETH to someone, the transaction must be mined and included in a new block. The updated state is then shared with the entire network.

Watch Austin walk you through blockchains:

<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/zcX7OJ-L8XQ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> If you want to see how blockchain hashes data and then the previous block references all the past blocks, be sure to check out [this demo](https://andersbrownworth.com/blockchain/blockchain) by Anders Brownworth and watch the accompanying video below. It makes understanding the hashing of blocks really simple.

Author: > It makes understanding the hashing of blocks really simple.

Should probably remove this ☝️ 

> Avoid using words like “easy”, “simple” and “basic” because if users have a hard time completing the task that is supposedly “easy,” they will question their abilities. Consider using more specific descriptors; for example, when you say the phrase “deployment is easy,” what do you really mean? Is it easy because it takes fewer steps than another option? If so, use the most specific descriptor possible, which in that case would be “this deployment method involves fewer steps than other options.”

> For even more inclusive docs, avoid phrases that assume a reader’s experience or skill level, like “just deploy it and you’re done” or “for a refresher (referring to a completely different doc that someone may not have read)“. Often, rephrasing results in stronger sentences that appeal to a wider range of contexts.

[Source](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/contributing/gatsby-style-guide/#avoid-easy-and-simple)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to see how blockchain hashes data and then the previous block references all the past blocks, be sure to check out [this demo](https://andersbrownworth.com/blockchain/blockchain) by Anders Brownworth and watch the accompanying video below. The video will help clarify the hashing of blocks.
```
Could change to something like this.

Author: > The video will help clarify the hashing of blocks.

@corwintines I think I'd rather we just remove it. Your suggestion is definitely better than it is currently but I think it can be implied from the previous sentence.

Reviewer: Send it to the chopping block!

Reviewer 2: I'll make it easier:
```suggestion
If you want to see how blockchain hashes data and then the previous block references all the past blocks, be sure to check out [this demo](https://andersbrownworth.com/blockchain/blockchain) by Anders Brownworth and watch the accompanying video below.
```

Watch Anders explain hashes in blockchains:

<iframe width="100%" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/_160oMzblY8" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## What is Ethereum? {#what-is-ethereum}

In the Ethereum universe, there is a single, canonical computer (called the Ethereum Virtual Machine, or EVM) whose state everyone on the Ethereum network agrees on. Everyone who participates in the Ethereum network (every Ethereum node) keeps a copy of the state of this computer. Additionally, any participant can broadcast a request for this computer to perform arbitrary computation. Whenever such a request is broadcast, other participants on the network verify, validate, and carry out ("execute") the computation. This execution causes a state change in the EVM, which is committed and propagated throughout the entire network.

> Requests for computation are called transaction requests; the record of all transactions and the EVM's present state gets stored in the blockchain, which in turn is stored and agreed upon by all nodes.

Author: Does this make sense?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests for computation are called transaction requests; the record of all transactions and the EVM's present state is stored on the blockchain, which in turn is stored and agreed upon by all nodes.
```
I think it makes sense, but since most people refer to stuff "on-chain", I think maybe we should refer to it that way as well.

Author: > "on-chain", I think maybe we should refer to it that way as well.

Agree!

> I think it makes sense,

I meant in the context of this sentence - i.e. the sentence seems to be doing two different things.

Requests for computation are called transaction requests; the record of all transactions and the EVM's present state gets stored in the blockchain, which in turn is stored and agreed upon by all nodes.

Cryptographic mechanisms ensure that once transactions are verified as valid and added to the blockchain, they can't be tampered with later. The same mechanisms also ensure that all transactions are signed and executed with appropriate "permissions" (no one should be able to send digital assets from Alice's account, except for Alice herself).

## What is ether? {#what-is-ether}

The purpose of ether, the cryptocurrency, is to allow for a market for computation. Such a market provides an economic incentive for participants to verify and execute transaction requests and provide computational resources to the network.

> Any participant who broadcasts a transaction request must also offer some amount of ether to the network as a bounty to be awarded to whoever eventually does the work of verifying the transaction, executing it, committing it to the blockchain, and broadcasting it to the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any participant who broadcasts a transaction request must also offer some amount of ether to the network as a bounty. This bounty will be awarded to whoever eventually does the work of verifying the transaction, executing it, committing it to the blockchain, and broadcasting it to the network.
```
Just trying to shorten up the sentence. I don't think there is anything wrong with how it is here, just a preference in breaking it up a bit for comprehension.
